feat(git): Specify additional git authors to ignore (#9082)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Beware that Renovate follows tags strictly.
For example, if you are following a tag like `next` and then that stream is released as `stable` and `next` is no longer being updated then that means your dependencies also won't be getting updated.

## gitIgnoredAuthors

Specify commit authors ignored by Renovate.

> If you have other bots which commit on top of Renovate PRs, you probably want Renovate to rebase those PRs instead of treating them as modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate will treat any PR as modified if another git author has added to the branch.
When a PR is considered modified, Renovate won't perform any further commits such as if it's conflicted or needs a version update.
If you have other bots which commit on top of Renovate PRs, and don't want Renovate to treat these PRs as modified, then add the other git author(s) to `gitIgnoredAuthors`.
```
